All right.
So we have two more tests to fix in our mutations file.
And luckily they shouldn't be that crazy because these two mutations add selected organizations and
add selected job types.
Expect second arguments of string arrays.
Nothing more crazy than that.
So most of our original tests should work.
So right here we can see TypeScript is again complaining about the state object or the state argument
to the mutation not being a valid global state object.
That's not a problem that we can once again utilize our create state helper function from above.
So right here, I'm going to change this name from state to starting state.
And I'm going to invoke my create state function passing in the custom property that I care about for
this test, which is selected organizations being an empty array.
Then on the very next line, I of course need to make sure I pass in starting state.
The actual mutation expects a ray of strength.
That's exactly what we had in the initial test.
So this will work just great.
And all that's left to do is to just change my assertion.
So instead of verifying the entire state object and all four of its properties, I want to target my
starting state.
That's our new name.
And more specifically, I want to get its selected organizations property.
And I want that to equal not an object, but now an array with those exact same strings that I provided
above.
So there we go.
And it's going to be a very similar modification for this test right here.
So right here, this is going to be starting state.
We're going to pass in this custom object to create state.
Because for this test, this test, we only care about the selected job types array being empty.
Right here.
Let's pass in starting state as well.
Let's make sure this is starting state.
And the property I care about this time is selected two job types.
And now we don't care about the whole former partial state with the selected job types property.
We only care about the array because we're accessing the selected job type property right here.
So our array should be an array of two strings like so.
Save that.
Let prepared do its work.
We can see that there are no more typescript violations in this file.
And so what I can do is bring up our old trusty terminal and I'm going to run the entire test suite.
So right here I'm going to execute NPM run test colon unit and that should capture all of our test files,
our component files, our view X files, our GES test files, our typescript test files, etc..
So we're going to let it run for a couple seconds.
And the one that we care about right now is mutations that test that.
Yes.
And we can see if I scroll up here is mutations that test that.
And it is passing with no problems.
So all of our tests are passing, which means not just that the assertions are evaluating as they should,
but also that TypeScript is not finding any violations in here.
If TypeScript did find a violation, it would require you to fix it before it ran the test.
So the fact that it is passing means that there's no actual violations here.
This is just additional confirmation from what we see in our code editor.
All right.
So now we have upgraded the mutations test file and we are good to move on.
So I will see you in the next lesson.